But of course you like him when you see him,
But I didn't think about him, I didn't think about it first,
But I saw you for him, but I didn’t expect him to like him,
But he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, But he I don’t have, but he I don’t have, but
He I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't,
But he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, but he I didn't, But he I don’t have, but he I don’t have, but he I don’t have, but he
He I don't, but he I don't, but he I don't, but he I don't, but he I don't, but he I don't, but he I don't, but he
He I don't have, but he I don't have, but
I'm the one taking the blame now
Even if I don’t have the teaching skills to contribute,
thank you thank you
You see the design I promised